184: Bro’s do not keep a personal diary.
183: A bro shall never engage in any sexual activity with a girl-bro.
182: A bro must accept any and all ‘manhood testing’ challenges.
181: If two bros know the same story, the bro who is lesser known among the party or group shall tell it.
180: Bros do not share a drink and popcorn at the cinema.
179: A bro never crosses one leg over the other. He may rest one foot over the other, but never a full leg cross.
178: A bro shall never start a sentence with “hashtag”.
177: If a bro dies while lifting weights, the other bro shall add more weight to the bar before dialling 911.
176: All bros have an interest in some sort of weaponry.
175: A bro is NEVER afraid to fail.
174: Bros do not pinch.
173: Bros only comment on a fellow bro’s fashion choice if that choice will affect the bro’s ability to get laid.
172. Bros never use the term SWAG to describe anything.
171: A bro does not sleep on the same bed as another bro.
170: Bro’s don’t smell each other on purpose.
169: When a bro offers another bro chewing gum, that offer is for two or more pieces, never one!
168: Bro’s don’t touch each others hair.
167: A bro may only ever stop a fellow bro from hooking up with a girl if, and only if, he is 100% sure that said girl is in fact a dude.
166: A bro NEVER under ANY circumstances gets with or even attempts to get with another bro’s girl.
165: If bros share a house/flat/apartment, all bros are obligated to stay out for the evening if a fellow bro wants to entertain a woman.
164: Bros don’t wear turtlenecks.
163: Bros don’t giggle.
162: If a bro finds out a girl he has slept with has a serious boyfriend, if possible, he will leave a quarter/penny/coin under his shaving foam or deodorant as an apology and a signal to that bro to get rid ASAP.
161: If a bro wins a trophy that can be in any way used as a cup, he will drink alcohol out of it as soon as possible.
160: Bro’s are not allowed to own/carry a hand bag. Calling it a ‘Man Bag’ does not stop it being a girl’s hand bag.
159: Bros never use the term ‘YOLO’.
158: Games before dames.
157: A bro doesn’t get lost, he merely finds an alternate route.
156: Bros don’t set other Bros up on blind dates. If a Bro does want to introduce a Bro to a girl, they must show the Bro photos and in no way dress up and over sell it.
155: Bros don’t have a pet cat. The only excuse for a cat living in a Bro’s household is if it belongs to his wife, daughter, female house mate or girlfriend he lives with.
154: Bro’s do not use a photo of their pet, car or children as their profile picture.
153: A bro does not put his hand on another bro’s waist.
152: Bro’s take any opportunity to look down a woman’s low cut top. With the exception of a fellow Bro’s girl, wife or mother.
151: On a bus, A Bro should not sit next to another bro unless it’s the only available seat left.
150: Bro’s DO NOT discuss the events of a bachelor party/weekend with non Bros.
149: Bro’s wear their pants, jeans, trousers, shorts etc, above their ass
148: A Bro always offers his Bro’s a drink when getting one for himself
147: A Bro Never tickles another Bro.
146: A Bro never lets his broken hearted Bro drink alone.
145: A bro never touches another bro’s muscles, no matter how impressive
144: A bro never facetimes, skypes or uses any other other kind of visual communication while taking a dump.
143: All bros like steak.
142: A Bro always has a condom in his wallet.
141: A bro never lets another bro drink and drive. If your drunk bro puts up a struggle you are permitted to forcefully stop him, in that situation the usual rules of bro combat apply.
140: If you catch your bro’s girl cheating you immediately tell your bro regardless of any possible shitstorm that may arise.
139: Bro’s ONLY get their hair cut at a barbers, with the exception of shaving the whole head of hair, which can be done at home.
138: When Bro’s hug, they do not close their eyes and/or rest their head on the other bro’s shoulder.
137: When playing or responding to a prank, a Bro’s car is off limits.
136: Dibs cannot be implied, you must call dibs in front of witnesses for any said dibs to be valid with bros.
135: A bro never makes eye-contact with another bro while eating a banana.
134: A Bro never leaves a Bro behind.
133: Bros shall not wear a Fanny Pack/Bum Bag
132: When a Bro leaves his seat, the seat becomes vacant and cannot be reclaimed if a fellow Bro takes it. Lift your feet, lose your seat.
131: Paint Balling is the ONLY combat scenario in which a bro’s balls are not off limits.
130: During Paint Balling activities bro’s do not wipe clean their fellow bro’s protective face masks.
129: A bro never rearranges the dishes at another bros house.
128: When a Bro can only take one other bro to something epic (for example: having 1 spare ticket)… The Bro doesn’t show favoritism by choosing a Bro, instead all bro’s are offered a chance to compete in a challenge (or series of challenges) in order to earn the privilege.
127: A Bro and a Brother are not the same thing.
126: A bro does not dare/challenge another bro to do anything they wouldn’t try them self. If the dare/challenge is turned down, the challenger must attempt it before ridicule is permitted.
125: A bro is always psyched. ALWAYS.
124: Bros shall never under any circumstances go and see chick flicks alone. Chick flicks are only tolerated when there is a 100% chance of getting laid.
123: A bro cannot give another bro a Teddy bear.
122: ALL conversations between bros are subject to “bro to bro confidentiality”.
121: A bro must NEVER tamper with another bro’s suit, and must never impede on a bro’s ability to suit up.
120: A bro never shows or tells a crazy chick where his fellow bro lives or stays, only that bro can subject himself to that grief.
119: When a Bro wants to do something stupid, first you try to talk the Bro out of it. If they still want to do it, you film it.
118: At a Bro’s funeral, all other bro’s toast with the deceased’s drink of choice
117: A Bro has to scratch when a Bro has to scratch.
116: A Bro will ALWAYS watch a movie narrated by Morgan Freeman.
115: When a Bro has an itch or needs food and is about to beat a world record, Bro’s scratch that itch and make him any food he wants.
114: If a Bro receives naked picture(s) on his cell phone from a hot chick, his Bros are immediately entitled to view said picture(s), as long as there are no Bros (or any other beings with a Y chromosome) present in the image. In the rare event that this occurs, immediately delete it and never call/text her again.
113: Single Bro’s always try and sit with one seat between them in case any ladies come along that don’t have anywhere to sit.
112: Every Bro gets 1 “stay away” card per year to use on a woman they have a special interest in. This can only be applied to single women, who the Bro has known for over 1 month. When applied all other Bro’s are forbidden to date that woman. The year countdown starts from the moment of declaration and is non transferable.
111: If a bro asks you to the match/game you are honour bound to say yes.
110: A bro does not cock-block another bro for any reason.
109: A bro will answer the phone call of another bro at any time of day for any reason.
108: If a chick fight breaks out, all nearby bro’s must be alerted IMMEDIATELY. Furthermore, bro’s DO NOT break up chick fights unless blood is drawn.
107: Bro’s don’t wear flat-brimmed hats.
106: Bros DO NOT TOUCH other bro’s drinks without express permission.
105: When in doubt, ask your bros.
104: Bros don’t stop to smell flowers.
103: Bro’s don’t use emoticons in messages to other bros.
102: Bro’s pay for their dates.
101: A bro is honour bound to accept all arm wrestling challenges
100: Once shook upon, a bro ALWAYS honours a bet. No matter what the agreed proposition is, the losing bro honours the bet.
99: Bro’s don’t wear skinny jeans.
98: Bro’s don’t share details about their “little bro” with other bro’s.
97: A bro does not allow his bro to drunk dial or text his ex. This is one of very few situations where a punch to the groin is acceptable, your bro will thank you for it later.
96: Bro’s don’t pout for photos.
95: A Bro never keeps a photo of his Bro in his wallet.
94: When a Bro has a kid, his Bros become honorary uncles.
93: A Bro of a Bro is a Bro to you.
92: Bros take care of their fellow bros when they have too much to drink.
91: A Bro DOES NOT choose his own nickname. A nickname is bestowed upon you by your fellow bros, either as a punishment or a reward for epic deeds.
90: A Bro does not bitch, he asks for help and/or advice before any details of the issue are spoken. Furthermore, a Bro only speaks about his trivial problems to highlight the comical and unusual, otherwise he is on his own.
89: Bros don’t use umbrellas.
88: A Bro never uses another Bro’s toothbrush.
87: Bros DO NOT take Facebook slut style photos of themselves in the mirror.
86: A Bro never wears Crocs.
85: A Bro never asks another Bro to come with them to the bathroom
84: A Bro is not expected to notice another Bro’s new haircut
83: Bros don’t wax their body hair.
82: All Bro’s are required to take turns and share the role as ‘designated driver’ unless you get a taxi, in which case all Bro’s are expected to chip in an even share of the fare.
81: A Bro doesn't un-friend his Bro on Facebook.
80: When a Bro asks another Bro to look after their drink, a Bro never tampers with it. Pranks and/or revenge never involve a another Bro’s drink.
79: A Bro DOES NOT masturbate in front of other bros, or anyone else.
78: Bros DO NOT make eye contact while at urinals, and DO NOT take a peek at their bro’s little bro.
77: A girl can be a bro if and only if….
76: A bro always has his bro’s back.
75: If a married bro is out with a single Bro/s, it is implicit that said married bro be the brunt of any jokes and is expected to jump on any grenades that may aid or prevent the single bro from scoring.
74: A bro never gives another bro the silent treatment.
73: If a bro finds his bro’s girlfriend repulsive, he shall not say anything until they have broken up.
72: A bro never catches a cold. Only women catch colds, bro’s are struck down with Man Flu.
71: A bro always takes a piss standing up.
70: If your team beats your Bro’s team, you have 24 hours to rub it in.
69: All bro’s are distracted by the number 69 and it’s sexual meaning, rendering all bros unable to read anything immediately after this number.
68: A bro will always verify another bro’s story when he is trying to score.
67: A Bro Never Uses A Urinal That’s Right Next To The Other Bro.
66: A Bro Always Admits When He Farted.
65: Bro’s don’t quote Oscar Wilde.
64: When a Bro is in doubt, he shall consider the actions of Chuck Norris before making a decision.
63: No sex with you Bro’s ex. It is never ever permissible for a Bro to sleep with his Bro’s ex.
62: A Bro pretends to understand and enjoy cigars.
61: A Bro doesn’t listen to chick music…in front of other Bros.
60: A Bro is never offended if another Bro fails to return a phone call, text or email in a timely fashion.
59: When executing a high five a Bro is forbidden from intertwining fingers.
58: A Bro shall seek no revenge if he passes out around his Bros and wakes up to find his face covered in drawings and shaving foam.
57: When hosting, a Bro orders enough pizza for all his Bros.
56: If a Bro learns another Bro has been in a traffic accident, he must first ask what condition the car is in, before asking if his Bro is okay.
55: If a Bro lends another Bro a DVD, video game, or piece of lawn machinery, he shall not expect to ever get it back.
54: Every Bro knows a Bro who is the worlds best at something.
53: If a Bro is driving ahead of another Bro, he is required to attempt to lose him in traffic as a joke.
52: If a Bro should fail at anything during sporting activities or games, he is required to make an excuse for himself, it is always the ball, bat, racket, shoes, glove, controller or equipment’s fault.
51: When a Bro is with his Bros, he is not a vegetarian.
50: A Bro never willingly relinquishes possession of a remote control.
49: A Bro shall not damage another Bros’ chances to score with a chick.
48: “Clothing optional” doesn’t really mean “clothing optional” to Bros.
47: A Bro doesn’t sing along to music in a bar.
46: If a Bro discovers another Bro has forgotten to sign out of his Facebook/Twitter the Bro will sign out for him, but only after many many humiliating updates.
45: If a Bro is not invited to another Bro’s wedding, he doesn’t make a big deal out of it.
44: The mum of a Bro is always off-limits.
43: A Bro never wears socks with sandals.
42: If a Bro asks another Bro to keep a secret, he shall take that secret to his grave.
41: Bros shall go camping once a year, or at least start a fire.
40: If a Bro is in the toilet and runs out of toilet paper, another Bro may toss him a new roll, but at no point may their hands touch or the door open more than 30 degrees.
39: Bros don’t speak French to each other.
38: A Bro shows up at another Bro’s party with at least one more unit of alcohol than he plans to drink.
37: If a Bro, for whatever reason must drive another Bro’s car, he shall not adjust the preprogrammed radio stations.
36: A Bro never questions another Bro’s stated golf score, maximum bench press, or height. He can however, ask the Bro to prove it.
35: If a Bro buys a new car, he is required to pop the hood when showing it off to his Bros.
34: If two Bros get into a heated argument over something and one says something out of line, the other shall not expect him to take it back or apologize, that’s what women do.
33: A Bro leaves the toilet seat up for his Bros.
32: A Bro ALWAYS enhances another Bro’s job description when introducing him.
31: Should a Bro pick up a guitar at a party and commence playing, another Bro shall point out that he is a Douche.
30: A Bro must always reciprocate a round of drinks among Bros.
29: A Bro will make any and all efforts to provide his Bro with a condom when he scores.
28: In the event that two Bros clock/lock on to the same woman, the Bro who has been without woman the longest is given first shot, a shot that must be taken within 24 hours, before being passed on.
27: A Bro doesn’t grow a moustache.
26: A Bro never borrows or lends clothes to another Bro.
25: A Bro is required to go out with his Bros on all Bro holidays, such as St. Paddy’s Day.
24: A Bro is not required to remember another Bros birthday.
23: If a Bro accidentally strikes another Bro’s crotch while walking, both silently agree to act as if nothing happened.
22: A Bro never publicly reveals how many women he’s slept with, And never reveals how many women another Bro has slept with.
21: A Bro never wears pink.
20: A Bro never applies sunscreen to another Bro.
19: When greeting another Bro, never engage in a full embrace.
18: A Bro never cries. With the exception of being physically threatened by Chuck Norris.
17: Even in a fight to the death a Bro never punches another Bro in the groin.
16: A Bro never rents a chick flick.
15: Bros cannot make eye-contact during a Devil’s Three-way.
14: When using urinals, a Bro stares straight ahead AT ALL TIMES.
13: A Bro doesn’t allow another Bro to get married until he’s at least thirty.
12: A Bro shall not wear his cell phone on a belt clip.
11: A bro will not sleep with another bro’s sister. However, a bro is allowed to be vocal about her level of attractiveness.
10: If a bro leads a beer/food run, he is entitled to any and all left over change.
9: A bro never dances with his hands above his head.
8: Bros do not share dessert.
7: A bro is honor bound to aid his bros in moving house, DIY, and any other physical labour. A cold, fresh pint is always reward enough for helping.
6: A bro never sends a birthday card to another bro.
5: A bro shall not gaze at a naked bro, if for ANY reason a bro gets naked, all other bros will act as if nothing is out of the ordinary, averting their eyes away. If the towel drops, so do your eyes.
4: Whether a Bro is into sports or not, a Bro picks a team and supports them until his dying breath.
3: If a bro gets a dog, it must be at least as tall as his knee when fully grown.
2: A bro is always allowed to do something stupid as long as his bro’s are doing it.
1: Bros before hoes – A ‘hoe’ is defined as any woman that is not your wife or any other direct family.
ARTICLE 1: Chicks before dicks. The bond between two women is stronger than the bond between a man and a woman because, on average, women are more willing and able to commit than men. Unfortunate for our love lives, but true. 

ARTICLE 2: A Chick is always entitled to do something wild, as long as the rest of her Side-Chicks* are all doing it. For example: partaking in "WOOO!"-ing. 

ARTICLE 3: A Chick never divulges the existence of the Chick Code to a man. It is a sacred document not to be shared with guys for any reason...no, not even that reason. (Note: if you a man reading this, first, let me apologize: it was never my intention for this book to contain so many big words. Second, I urge you to look at this document for what it is – a piece of fiction meant to entertain a broad audience through the prism of stereotypical gender differences. I mean, sometimes it really is like we're from different planets! Clearly, no real person would actually believe or adhere to the vulgar rules contained within.** Oh, and have you been working out?) 

ARTICLE 4: A Chick shall not stare inappropriately if she and other Chicks must get naked in front of one another in a locker room, etc. You may gossip, joke around, and many other fun activities but never should you stare at another Chick's breasts, "No-No Square", and/or bum. 

ARTICLE 5: A Chick never admits that she's PMSing to a guy, not even when she is PMSing. 

ARTICLE 6: Should a Chick be critically injured, her Side-Chicks are to never make jokes about it, unless the hurt Chick does first. 

ARTICLE 7: A Chick will drop whatever she's doing and rush to help her Side-Chick when and if she gets dumped. Things required to ensure maximum comfort for your dumped Side-Chick: a shoulder to cry on, arms to hug, things to break, tissues, chocolate, alcohol, chick flicks, angry chick music, popcorn, mani/pedi kit, facial kit, and words aimed to describe what a douche what's-his-face was. 

ARTICLE 8: A Chick always asks for a guy's help when moving. For more effective results (aka getting a reluctant guy friend to move your massive couch and California king) butter him up about how strong and able and manly he is. For even more effective results, it is acceptable to slut it up a little or "unintentionally" show off your assets while buttering him up. Pouting and begging in a sexual manner are also acceptable in this situation. 

ARTICLE 9: On dinner dates, do not eat like a pig, but do not be peck-ish either. When dessert rolls around, and you're hoping for an "active" night, nonchalantly licking something off your finger(s) or the underside of your utensil works most effectively. 

ARTICLE 10: A Chick must always help her fellow Chicks stay away from known or rumored creeps. 

ARTICLE 11: A Chick shall always help a Side-Chick get a guy. Exception: your Side-Chick is pursuing a taken guy (in a relationship, engaged, or married). 

ARTICLE 12: If a guy should inquire about another Chick's sexual history, a Chick shall lie and say that she doesn't know so that the Chick questioned about looks not like a whore nor a prude. 

ARTICLE 13: A Chick never dances stupidly nor too slutty. Exception: when a Chick is drunk or under the pretense of being drunk. 

ARTICLE 14: A Chick should be able, at any time, to recite the following: winner of American Idoland Project Runway; who's on the cover of Vanity Fair and Vogue; who the new "It" couple is; who the top celebrity couples are; what the latest celebrity scandals are. 

ARTICLE 15: A Chick shall be kind and courteous to her co-workers, unless they are beneath her on the Pyramid of Screaming***, are total jerk wads, completely incompetent, and/or inappropriate (yes, that kind of inappropriate). 

ARTICLE 16: A Chick shall not sleep with another Chick's brother (unless genuinely deemed okay with the Chick who has the brother). However, a Chick shall not let it bother her in any way if another Chick says, "OMG you're brother is, like, so hot!" Should a Chick's brother be interested in the Chick's friend, it is not acceptable for them to get together unless genuinely deemed okay by the Chick with the brother. 

ARTICLE 17: A Chick respects Chicks in the military because they've selflessly chosen to defend the nation, but more the point, because they can totally kick your ass when you comment on how camouflage print doesn't look good on them or their tragic haircut. 

ARTICLE 18: A Chick may share her observations about another Chick's smoking hot boyfriend, but in no way must she say anything further to ensure that the Chick with the hot BF doesn't think that the observing Chick will attempt to steal the BF in any way, shape, or form. 

ARTICLE 19: Homosexual men are completely acceptable as Side-Chicks. Sometimes even better. For example, less of your Gucci's will "go missing". Unless your homosexual guy-friend cross-dresses, which is also completely acceptable. 

ARTICLE 20: There is no law that prohibits a straight man from being a Side-Chick or "one of the girls". He can make a wonderful wingman or, if all else fails, a backup boyfriend/hubby. 

ARTICLE 21: A Chick shall not sleep with another Chick's ex, unless the Chick whose ex it is does. 

ARTICLE 22: If two Chicks get into a fight, they shall make catty remarks and pretend to ignore each other, rather than stripping down and wrestling it out. (See Article 38 for a description of the rules should the strip-n-wrestle situation occur). 

ARTICLE 23: If two Chicks are wearing the same outfit, each retains the right to "accidentally" spill a drink on the other. 

ARTICLE 24: A Chick doesn't let another Chick get a "tramp stamp." 

ARTICLE 25: A Chick never removes her clothing in public, unless at a pool, beach, or (sometimes) a concert. 

ARTICLE 26: A Chick will, in a timely manner, alert her Side-Chicks to the existence of a sale/clearance. 

ARTICLE 27: If two Chicks decide to catch a movie together, they shall split a tub of popcorn to save money. However, the act of sharing a drink must be decided betwixt the Chicks due to personal levels of awkwardness and/or germaphobia. 

ARTICLE 28: A Chick comparison shops. 

ARTICLE 29: When on the prowl, a Chick hits the most decent seeming guy first in hopes of catching a good one. 

ARTICLE 30: When in a public restroom, a Chick (1) does not look in between the crack in stall doors; (2) waits until the restroom is completely empty before streaking to the next stall when you find that the stall you chose has no toilet paper (this also applies for when she needs to sprint to the tampon dispenser); (3) taps foot impatiently and huffs a bit when there is a wait; (4) always uses soap. 

ARTICLE 32: When the situation arises where a Chick spies another Chick with fake breasts while with her BF, then comments on it, a Chick always has the right to read between the lines at the BF's reaction comment (aka catching him staring at her breasts – but at least give him a few brownie points if he decries the silicon masses). 

ARTICLE 33: A Chick always reserves the right to get miffed if her male companion does not exhibit gentlemanly conduct (i.e. not opening the door for her, not pulling out her chair for her to sit down, not offering to pay, etc.) 

ARTICLE 34: Even in a fight to the death, a Chick never assaults, or attempts to assault, another Chick's breasts, bum, or "No-No Square." Scratching (this includes eye-gauging) is not suggested, on account of the usually long and sometimes sharp nails of our gender. Hair pulling, unfortunately, is both acceptable and encouraged. 

ARTICLE 35: When a Chick exchanges information with a guy, she is allowed to contact him twice before she must honor the weird "wait three days" ritual guys do. 

ARTICLE 36: Should a Chick be engaged to be married, her Side-Chicks are obligated to help the betrothed out in any way the bride-to-be deems possible. (They shall also throw her a kick ass bachelorette party). 

ARTICLE 37: A Chick is always allowed to cry (and if she can cry on cue, all the better). 

ARTICLE 38: Upon greeting another Chick, a Chick may engage in a hug, cheek kiss(es), high five, hand shake, fist bump, Bro hug, jumping up and down, booty bump, or light ass smack, but not a kiss on the lips nor grope/caress in any way. Exception: lesbians/bisexuals. 

ARTICLE 39: A Chick loves her country, especially if it's in Europe. 

ARTICLE 40: A Chick may never take off or move around her swim bottoms while applying sunscreen, though untying the back of her top is acceptable. 

ARTICLE 41: A Chick does not go to a strip club as a general rule, though it is not prohibited. 

ARTICLE 42: If a Chick is seated next to another Chick who's stuck in the middle seat on an aircraft, she shall yield her all their shared armrests, unless the girl has (a) been talking absolutely nonstop; (b) is snoring; (c) makes the Chick get up more than once to use the lavatory. 

ARTICLE 43: A Chick always, when the opportunity arises, participates in a drinking game (i.e. "I Never"/"Never Have I Ever", etc.) or risky party game (i.e. Truth or Dare, Seven Minutes in Heaven, Would You Rather, Spin the Bottle, etc). 

ARTICLE 44: When asked, "Do you need some help?" by a super hot guy, a Chick always replies yes, whether or not she's really got it. 

ARTICLE 45: If a Chick should accidentally boob or butt brush another Chick both shall continue on like nothing had happened. If a Chick should boob or butt brush a guy on accident she shall act like nothing happened and try not to blush (unless it was on purpose, in which then she may act however sexually alluring she feels is appropriate). 

ARTICLE 46: A Chick checks out another Chick's blind date and reports back, though the Chick going on the blind date is obligated to still go on the date and give the guy a chance even if the report is bad. 

ARTICLE 47: A Chick is required to remember birthdays and anniversaries. 

ARTICLE 48: Even in a drought, a Chick always washes her hands after every potty break, and washes her face every morning and night. We are ladies, and ladies are hygienic. 

ARTICLE 49: A Chick is required to go out with her mother on Mother's Day, and her Side-Chicks on Halloween, New Year's Eve, Boxing Day, Black Friday, and Desperation Day (February 13th). 

ARTICLE 50: A Chick is always allowed to borrow clothes from another Chick, unless said clothes are unwashed, frumpy, obsolete, ugly, and/or extremely special to the owning Chick. 

ARTICLE 51: A Chick is required to alert another Chick if the Dude/Chick Ratio at a party falls below 1:1 in favor of the Chicks. However, so not to create Chicklandia****, a Chick may only alert three Side-Chicks. 

ARTICLE 52: A Chick always reveals the score of a sporting event to a guy, if she can remember it. 

ARTICLE 53: A Chick always shaves/waxes her legs, armpits, eyebrows (if need be), and "down there." Exception: butch lesbians, Chicks too uncomfortable or sensitive, or Chicks who are making a statement by not doing it. 

ARTICLE 54: A Chick always brings a jailed Chick the necessities ("necessities" may vary in definition for each individual, so be sure to know what the jailed Chick would appreciate). 

ARTICLE 55: A Chick will always be respectful to others' parents, even if they're driving her insane.

ARTICLE 56: A Chick will always alert the significant other of her Side-Chick to an upcoming anniversary, birthday, or other important events. This is to protect the feelings of her Side-Chick, because you knowthat the significant other had forgotten. 

ARTICLE 57: In the event that two Chicks lock on to the same target, they may be somewhat petty towards the opposing chick and somewhat slutty to the target. It is important that the target be aware that there is competition for his affection, but not find out just how vicious and important the situation is. Should it happen that the target choose neither Chick, they reserve the right to blame each other and call each other bad names under their breath. 

ARTICLE 58: A Chick will be completely supportive of all decisions of her Side-Chick in the event of pregnancy. (This includes the touchy subject of abortion, but even then a Chick must respect any and all decisions made by the pregnant Chick). 

ARTICLE 59: In the case of a road trip, the Chick that suggested the road trip must pay for the gas and lodging. Bad things, like car sickness or post-Taco Bell potty breaks, willbe blamed on the Chick who suggested the road trip, therefore she must be responsible for both the aforementioned expenses. 

ARTICLE 60: A Chick can order any type of alcoholic drink she wants. Because, unlike men, we can have both fruity drinks with umbrellas andcheap beer. 

ARTICLE 61: A Chick shall always participate in karaoke when the even arises, and, if she can't carry a tune, reserves the right to pretend to be drunk or get drunk. 

ARTICLE 62: Should you know for a fact that your Side-Chick's significant other is cheating on her, then she must tell her Side-Chick, even though it'll hurt her. Getting evidence first also helps. 

ARTICLE 63: A Chick will drive another Chick to the airport and, if she's available, also pick her up – both of which on time and/or early. She is expected to inquire how her trip was and her general wellbeing, and offer to help her with her luggage 

ARTICLE 64: Chicks are strongest in three's and four's. Can't explain it, but so true 

ARTICLE 65: A Chick always spell-checks. 

ARTICLE 66: When a group of Chicks are in a restaurant, each shall pay for what they ate. (This is because it eliminates the time-wasting "bill jockeying" and it is very fair 

ARTICLE 67: Yellow stoplights are an option – either slow down and accept the red light, or speed up and get across while you can. 

ARTICLE 68: A Chick must never ever get her vagina pierced. 

ARTICLE 69: Duh. 

ARTICLE 70: A Chick can always be honest to a guy about their occupation (because she knows that he'll imagine it as a sexual role play no matter what it is). 

ARTICLE 71: A Chick reserves the right to be a bit miffed should her BF act differently toward her around his Bros, but will only confront him when the Bros have all gone away. Because Chicks are courteous. 

ARTICLE 72: Chicks may always snuggle, cuddle, and spoon. 

ARTICLE 73: A Chick shall never Cock Block***** her Side-Chick(s). Exception: he's a known or rumored creep, or it's known that he's taken. 

ARTICLE 74: At a wedding, a Chick shall be excited about the bouquet catch, even if she isn't, for the sake of the bride. 

ARTICLE 75: Chicks are not dolls, toys, or experiments. Hazing is absolutely unacceptable. 

ARTICLE 76: A Chick always puts the toilet seat back down – we are ladies. 

ARTICLE 77: If two Chicks get into a heated argument over something and one says something out of line, she is expected to take it back, apologize, and make amends. Otherwise the offended Chick reserves the right to never speak to the out-of-line-Chick again. 

ARTICLE 78: Though it is not strictly prohibited, mixing it up romantically with a coworker is not suggested. (Seeing each other all the time at work after a break up? Awkward...) 

ARCTICLE 79: If a Chick buys a new car, she is required to accessorize it immediately. 

ARTICLE 81: A Chick shall accessorize. Period. Nuff said. Article 69. 

ARTICLE 82: A Chick never questions another Chick's stated amount of shoes, calories she's eaten that day, or how many times she's dyed her hair. 

ARTICLE 83: If a Chick, for whatever reason, must drive another Chick's car, she may adjust the mirrors and seat position, but put it back to the way it was before giving it back. A Chick must not let anything impair her driving. 

ARTICLE 84: A Chick does not work in the kitchen, nor does she make/bring her man a sandwich. Exception: she's a chef. 

ARTICLE 85: A Chick always brings over a bottle of wine when invited to an event at someone's house. Exception: under the age of 21 (USA). 

ARTICLE 86: A Chick must not, under any circumstances, become like her mother. 

ARTICLE 87: Chicks shall swear off men at least once a year, for the sake of feminism, or because of douche bags. 

ARTICLE 88: Chick will call her BF "cute" or "adorable" once in front of his Bros just for fun, then promise never to do it again…when he's around. ;) 

ARTICLE 89: Asking for directions, maps, GPS... it doesn't matter, okay? Do whatever will help you get to your destination. 

ARTICLE 90: When pulling up to a stoplight, a Chick may text (etc.), regardless of whether or not her state has made that illegal. 

ARTICLE 91: If a Chick asks another Chick to keep a secret, she shall take it to her grave and beyond. Yes, this will be very difficult since the human race is a very social species and she might feel the exploding need to spill the beans or gossip, but she shan't because friends are more important than having the latest scoop. Exception: if she or anyone else is in danger. 

ARTICLE 92: A Chick shall take great care in selecting her outfit for any occasion. 

ARTICLE 93: A Chick never wears Christmas colors (red and green) when it's not Christmas time. Same goes for Halloween colors (orange and black), and Independence Day colors (red, white, and blue). 

ARTICLE 94: The father and/or stepfather of a Chick is always off-limits. 

ARTICLE 95: If a Chick is not invited to another Chick's wedding, she doesn't make a huge deal out of it, even if, let's face it, she was kind of responsible for setting up the couple and had already picked out the perfect wedding gift and everything. It's cool. No biggie. (Talking discreetly behind the bride's back may work, if she truly feels the need to make a semi-big deal out of it). 

ARTICLE 96: A Chick never lets another Chick look like trash. Exception: the other Chick is a frenemy/enemy. 

ARTICLE 97: If a Chick forgets another Chick's name, somehow devise a plan to learn her name without actually asking her. 

ARTICLE 98: When Chicks attend a sporting event and see themselves on the JumboTron, they shall wave, point, blow kisses, and/or hide her face. 

ARTICLE 99: If a guy orders a Chick a drink, the Chick shall use gestures to thank him for the drink, then ask the bar tender if he knows if the drink-sender is a decent guy. 

ARTICLE 100: If a Chick discovers another Chick has forgotten to sign out of her email, the Chick shall respectfully sign out for her without peeking at anything. 

ARTICLE 101: Should a Girl Power song come on, a Chick is expected, at the very least, to shriek about how much she loves that song. 

ARTICLE 102: Should a Chick need to bunk at another Chick's house for an extended period of time, she is expected to help pay for food, toiletries, and any delivered movie-rentals. 

ARTICLE 103: If a Chick finds a "clothing optional" beach, and it's not in Europe, then it is not suggested that she attend. 

ARTICLE 104: A Chick never willingly relinquishes possession of her cell phone. Should another Chick snatch it from her, then the offended Chick reserves the right to be very angry and possibly mildly harm the theiving Chick in order to retrieve her cell phone. 

ARTICLE 105: A Chick must, at the very least, attempt not to drink in front of a recovering alcoholic. 

ARTICLE 106: Chicks must always wear sunscreen. 

ARTICLE 107: If a Chick owns a convertible, she is required to, during warm days/months/seasons, have the top off, let her hair loose, and wear sunglasses. 

ARTICLE 108: A Chick reserves the right to be hyper. 

ARTICLE 109: A Chick lets guys win half the time. (Enough so that he doesn't get bitter, enough so that she'll still feel good about herself). 

ARTICLE 110: When driving with a friend following, a Chick always makes sure that she is in sight of the friend. 

ARTICLE 111: A Chick shall always help another Chick reconstruct the events from the previous night. 

ARTICLE 112: If a Chick lends another Chick a DVD, article of clothing, CD, or anything else, she shall expect to get it back and will hold it against the borrowing Chick in the occurrence of an argument. 

ARTIVLE 113: A Chick shall not hitchhike anywhere ever. 

ARTICLE 114: Chicks do not fart. 

ARTICLE 115: When hosting, a Chick makes sure that her BF hasn't messed with anything. If he has, then she must fix it immediately. 

ARTICLE 116: Getting kneed in the crotch hurts Chicks, too. 

ARTICLE 117: A Chick reserves the right to simply walk away after the first five minutes of a date. This is the "Lemon Law" and you can find cut outs of it in the fabled "Bro Code" (see Article 118). 

ARTICLE 118: Yes, it's true – guys really do have their own Code, much like this document. But it is full of sexist text, and obviously the author was thinking from his crotch and not his brain. As a Chick, it is our vagina-given right to frown upon The Bro Code and those who actually live by it. [A/N: I'm sorry, I just couldn't help myself and cracked up all over the place as I wrote this. It, of course, is a lie – theBro Code is hilarious and awesome, and Barney Stinsen is the King.] 

ARTICLE 119: A Chick must get a mani/pedi/facial/massage about every two months to ensure a happy and healthy body. 

ARTICLE 120: A Chick shall seek no revenge if she passes out around her Side-Chicks and wakes up to find that they've pulled numerous pranks on her sleeping form (i.e. marker all over her face, the hot water trick, the shaving cream trick, etc). 

ARTICLE 121: Chicks care about the environment. 

ARTICLE 122: Chicks care about animals. (And not in the "I wonder which one is 'in' right now" way, but in the very humane, loving, and non-clothes way). 

ARTICLE 123: A Chick never sleeps nude while bunings with someone else. Exception: sex with the one(s) you're bunking with. 

ARTICLE 124: If a Chick sees one of her Side-Chicks get into a fight, she attempts to rip the fighters away from each other. 

ARTICLE 125: Chicks are smarter than guys. It's a scientific fact.
